Document asset target fallback (#2255)
NuGet/docs.microsoft.com-nuget: docs/consume-packages/Package-References-in-Project-Files.md

| `-LockedMode` | `--locked-mode` | RestoreLockedMode | Enables locked mode for restore. This is useful in CI/CD scenarios where you want repeatable builds.|   
| `-ForceEvaluate` | `--force-evaluate` | RestoreForceEvaluate | This option is useful with packages with floating version defined in the project. By default, NuGet restore will not update the package version automatically upon each restore unless you run restore with this option. |
| `-LockFilePath` | `--lock-file-path` | NuGetLockFilePath | Defines a custom lock file location for a project. By default, NuGet supports `packages.lock.json` at the root directory. If you have multiple projects in the same directory, NuGet supports project specific lock file `packages.<project_name>.lock.json` |

> ### AssetTargetFallback

Reviewer: Since this is a `###`, it doesn't appear in the "In this article" list. It's part of the "locking dependencies" section, which I don't think it right.

```suggestion
## AssetTargetFallback
```

The `AssetTargetFallback` property lets you specify additional compatible framework versions for projects that your project references and NuGet packages that your project consumes.

If you specify a package dependency using `PackageReference` but that package doesn't contain assets that are compatible with your projects's target framework, the `AssetTargetFallback` property comes into play. The compatibility of the referenced package is rechecked using each target framework that's specified in `AssetTargetFallback`.

> When a `project` or a `package` is referenced through `AssetTargetFallback`, the [NU1701](../reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1701.md) warning will be raised.

Reviewer 2: Are the backticks necessary on `project or `package`? Those aren't referencing code symbols, considering removing the backticks:

```suggestion
When a project or a package is referenced through `AssetTargetFallback`, the [NU1701](../reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1701.md) warning will be raised.
```

I don't feel strongly about this, feel free to keep as-is.

Author: project and package are used very frequently in this article, so emphasizing them feels weird.

Reviewer 2: They're currently emphasized, I agree I think it'd be better if they weren't emphasized

> Refer to the below table for examples of how `AssetTargetFallback` affects compatibility.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to the table below for examples of how `AssetTargetFallback` affects compatibility.
```

| Project framework | AssetTargetFallback | Package frameworks | Result |
|-------------------|---------------------|--------------------|--------|
| .NET Framework 4.7.2 | | .NET Standard 2.0, .NET Standard 1.6 | .NET Standard 2.0 |
| .NET Core App 3.1 | | .NET Standard 2.0, .NET Framework 4.7.2 | .NET Standard 2.0 |
| .NET Core App 3.1 | | .NET Framework 4.7.2, .NET Framework 4.7.1 | Incompatible, fail with [`NU1202`](../reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1202.md) |

> | .NET Core App 3.1 | net472;net471;net462;net461 | .NET Framework 4.7.2, .NET Framework 4.7.1 | .NET Framework 4.7.2 with [`NU1701`](../reference/errors-and-warnings/NU1701.md) |

Reviewer: I think having more than 1 package framework in these examples makes adds unnecessary complexity. In all 4 examples, the 2nd framework in the "package frameworks" list does not come into play. Similarly the long list of frameworks in the last example's AssetTargetFallback value doesn't add clarification. If you want to show that it can be a list, then 2 frameworks is sufficient, in my opinion.

Author: I'll do another pass and clean it up.

Author: I'll keep the 2 frameworks in the 2nd example, since it points out the precedence. 

Cleaned up the rest.

> Multiple frameworks can be specified using `;` as a delimiter. To add a fallback framework you can do the following. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Multiple frameworks can be specified using `;` as a delimiter. To add a fallback framework you can do the following:
```

```xml
<AssetTargetFallback Condition=" '$(TargetFramework)'=='netcoreapp3.1' ">
    $(AssetTargetFallback);net472;net471
</AssetTargetFallback>
```

> You can leave of `$(AssetTargetFallback)` if you wish to overwrite, instead of add to the existing `AssetTargetFallback` values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can leave off `$(AssetTargetFallback)` if you wish to overwrite, instead of add to the existing `AssetTargetFallback` values.
```

> [!NOTE]
> If you are using a [.NET SDK based project](/dotnet/core/sdk), appropriate `$(AssetTargetFallback)` values are configured and you do not need to set them manually.
>

> > `$(PackageTargetFallback)` was an earlier feature that attempted to adress this challenge, but is fundamentally broken and as such *should* not  be used. To migrate from `$(PackageTargetFallback)` to `$(AssetTargetFallback)`, simply change the property name.

Reviewer 2: What do you think of this?

```suggestion
> `$(PackageTargetFallback)` was an earlier feature that attempted to address this challenge, but it is fundamentally broken and *should* not be used. To migrate from `$(PackageTargetFallback)` to `$(AssetTargetFallback)`, simply change the property name.
```
